Accept direct JSX runtime factory call baseline (#3591)
microsoft/typescript-go: testdata/submoduleAccepted.txt

conformance/typesWithSpecializedConstructSignatures.types.diff
conformance/unionTypeReduction2.types.diff

> ## JSX factory calls are direct in automatic runtime ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generated JSX factory calls for script files in react-jsx and moduleDetection=legacy are arbitrary ##
```
